what's up beautiful people it's Brianna
Lilian and I'm here with another video
this is gonna be your talk you a day and
there's gonna be three parts to it
today's the first part I'm just gonna be
answering a few questions every video
and I'm gonna try to get to everybody
and I'm gonna try to answer them as much
as I know I'm gonna be doing some
research on some of the questions and
some of the questions I know because
I've either been through it or I've seen
other people have been through it or
just did the research myself when I was
stretching my case so if you didn't know
my ears are at an inch and a half or 38
millimeters and I've been stretching for
about eight ish years I started when I
was 12 I'm gonna be 21 and like two
months I started when I was really young
and I didn't know a lot because there
wasn't that much waste to find out about
it you know I knew about the whole
tapers and all that stuff and then I
discovered tape when I was at 3/4 and
then ever since then I started taping up
my ears and if you guys have been
following me from the start you might
already know that so that's a little bit
about me if you guys wanted to know why
I started stretching click on this video
right here I also post it down below in
the description box below and you guys
can watch that or if I'm talking kind of
low my brother is sleeping so I'm just
trying to keep it down and I'm sorry for
the lighting I know it might be like
really bright I just I don't know how to
fix it on this camera it's not my camera
and I'm still trying to figure out how
it works this is like my third time
shooting this video because the other
ones were just kind of they got messed
up so I'm trying to somehow I don't know
how to fix it so I just kind of rerecord
it alright so I'm gonna start from the
bottom up and I'm gonna try to get to
every question if I can't then I
apologize today I'm just gonna be
answering five questions because I did a
little introduction and then next week
I'm gonna be answering more and then
more and then you guys to see how this
goes it's the first question is from
underwater squirrel 21 what does the so
called point of no return on the size
where it won't go back to normal
I've read a lot of different things I've
already it was zero I've read it was
double zero and I've heard people say
that they went to an inch and that they
were able to go back to like a regular
person his eyes but then I know a guy
I went to an inch-and-a-half or I think
bigger and his ears didn't really go
back to normal they kind of stayed at
like 3/4 or like one of those type of
sizes so I mean I guess it all just
depends on the person and how you
stretched and how long you were
stretching and how big you went really
but zero and double zeros the answer
that I always seem to stumble upon
Austin Midkiff said I am only at 9/16
but filler would be difficult to even go
five-eighths because it didn't loves do
you feel like your lips are too thin to
stretch to the next size when you were
are stretching
yeah when before I got to it an inch and
a half I felt like my lobes are really
thin and I felt like I was kind of
pushing my luck because I thought that
they wouldn't stretch but I mean I
downsized a lot not really a lot but I
downsized quite a few times and jojoba
oil helped a lot and vitamin E oil
helped a lot as well so if you think
your lobes are too thin you know just
downsize as much as downsizing it sucks
because you want to be at your size
already and patience is very hard to
find and it's good at downsize because
then your lobes will be healthy and you
want healthy low up so you can stretch
bigger and hopefully that helps it's
Michael Gordy err sorry if I completely
killed your name asked how do you keep
how do you clean slash care and maintain
your ears to keep them healthy and happy
um I don't shower with them I don't
sleep with them I clean them daily with
the whole bottle and I'll wash them in
the shower you know just whenever I'm
washing my hair I'll wash my ears too
it's just water
hot water or something and that's how I
keep maintain manners I mean I've
learned a lot since my blow-up if you
guys seen that video or not and I've
learned a lot from being impatient so
just taking time to take care of yours
is very important when you're stretching
and just having the patient and
knowledge behind what you're doing helps
a lot we bats that I have been out of to
gage for almost a year yesterday I tried
to put it in double flare surgical steel
tunnels as I tried
but one and I must have cut on the
inside of my ear and it started to bleed
I cleaned it in put the whole bow on it
but is there still some blood here and
there should I keep my signal flare
plugs in or not if I downsize and let it
heal any help is appreciated um anytime
you are bleeding
take out your plug obviously and
downsize don't pull all the oil until it
is completely healed what you want to do
is do some sea salt soaks maybe once or
twice a day until it is fully healed and
once it is healed start doing the jojoba
oil like you were doing last question of
this video from Anthony white what's
your favorite type of jewelry to wear I
love silicone like chaos silicone I had
a pair when I was at an anti since I met
inch-and-a-half it's like a lot more
expensive to get and I don't really have
the my friend and I don't know if I'm
even gonna be staying at this size
forever so I didn't really want to
invest and spending like $50 on a pair
of plugs but I really like that and I
like wood because you know they're very
light some of them are very light and
they're very comfortable but I don't
have a lot I'd only have like one pair
and I love like just steel tunnels
I wear them a lot like I either wear
these gold ones are aware of my other
ones that I got from painful pleasures
those are my two like ones that I've
heard the most and yeah what's your
favorite type of jewelry comment down
below so that's it for this video I just
wanted to make it short a little
introduction as to what this is I'm
gonna try to answer every single
question if I can if they're not
repetitive and if I didn't already
answer it in another video or something
so comment down below what's your
favorite type of jewelry and what size
are you at and what size do you want to
be at stake for this video like I said
comment us I've done below if you want
to please thumbs this video up so I can
be doing more of these more frequently
if you guys like this little ear talk
segments and more videos will be up soon
I promise
and all my links are at the end of this
video as well as down in the description
box below
yeah I hope you guys are doing good I
hope you guys are having a good half of
the year so far and I hope you guys are
just doing alright if you guys ever want
to talk to me my facebook kik Instagram
tumblr Twitter is all down below and you
can always reach me at though it's just
you know say hi and let's be friends
subscribe if you're not stay subscribed
and I'll see you guys next week with a
new video look out for that and I love
you guys so much thank you for your
continued support and everything that I
do and thank you for sticking around
even though I don't make videos all that
much I'm gonna be trying a lot more now
so yeah I'll see you guys next week I
have a good day have a good life of a
good evening
be happy stay positive and don't like
the negativity get to you you're a
beautiful person and don't ever think
otherwise so stop the hate spread the
love and smile because you are beautiful
the ticket